Hello guys the last we do have sort of left behind flitter for our pages in this we do.
We take a look at and get a router.
Let's start by opening up a partial window and then typing in kanji generate from Poland.
Once this is done that's type in anti-circ and minimize the window.
Now let's open up our text editor at routing more you to at rolling Mungiu is in charge of determining
what component should be displayed when a certain route is.
In the rotary.
We've created two objects in the first object.
We've declared path for an empty string and a component of some component.
This means when you visit the path of an empty string we'll be direct to the home component in a second
object with a puff of double Asterix and a redirect property of empty string.
This means when the part of the reason you start in the rotary we will be redirected to home component.
Now let's go to our browser and open up our app.
And here you can see that are at least working and homework's is despicable here.
If you try to go to another route for example profile which does not exist yet will be redirected to
the home route.
Now tethered a router is set up.
We can change the component as displayed depending on the route in the next video be setting up the
home page which will continue.
Much charism.